(GH-1151) Move tests to GitHub Actions (#1540)
puppetlabs/bolt: developer-docs/kerberos.md

* [`pwsh`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-core-on-linux?view=powershell-6) - PowerShell 6
* [`omicli`](https://github.com/microsoft/omi/blob/master/Unix/cli/examples.txt) - client tool used to verify basic OMI server functionality

#### GitHub Actions automated testing

> 

Reviewer: Grepping for Travis on this branch, it looks like this also needs to change in `developer-docs/releasing-bolt.md`.

Reviewer: Also in doc/index.html and doc/file.README.html

Author: I'm not sure what `doc/index.html` and `doc/file.README.html` are?

Reviewer: Oh, ha, they're leftover docs generated when I was testing a different PR. Nevermind!

Author: `developer-docs/releasing-bolt.md` references the Travis tests for another repo and shouldn't be changed.

Author: I'm not sure what `doc/index.html` and `doc/file.README.html` are?

> At present, GitHub Actions setup will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At present, CI setup will:
```

#### Local development

> To run tests locally on Linux or OSX requires that the local Kerberos client be configured in the same way that GitHub Actions is, which includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run tests locally on Linux or OSX requires that the local Kerberos client be configured in the same way that CI is, which includes:
```
